[dbt State] data freshness SLA (#9661)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/dbt-state-configs.md

| Config | Default | Scope | Description |
|--------|---------|-------|-------------|

> | [`lag_tolerance`](/reference/resource-configs/lag-tolerance) | `45m` | Node, folder, or project-level via model config | How much time must pass since the last upstream data change before a node is eligible for a rebuild. Acts as a compute-saving buffer that helps meet freshness SLAs. Applies to data freshness only; SQL changes always trigger a rebuild regardless of this setting. |

Author: ```suggestion
| [`lag_tolerance`](/reference/resource-configs/lag-tolerance) | `45m` | Node, folder, or project-level via model config | How much time must pass since the last upstream data change before a node is eligible for a rebuild. Acts as a compute-saving buffer that helps align builds with freshness SLAs. Applies to data freshness only; SQL changes always trigger a rebuild regardless of this setting. |
```
